GENERAL
Create a how-to guide for genetic sequencing.
Create a how-to guide for GWAS analysis?
What is the significance of the length of telomeres?
Create a guide for genetic sequencing
Create a how-to guide for genetic sequencing.
Explain the process of DNA replication and how it ensures accurate copying of genetic information during cell division.
Explain the process of finding a genetic marker followed by a quantitative trait loci.
For text and biological resources, do you mean add some books (on biology stuff) or/and web resources (as ensembl) on your system?
How can I add a new species to the GeneNetwork database?
How does epigenetics inluence gene expression without changing the underlying DNA sequence?
How does recombination work in human centromeres?
How would one extract the DNA, from say, flora or fauna?
What is the difference between QTL mapping and GWAS?
What is the most cited environmental factor for the onset of asthma?
what are the bioinformatics tools for QTLs analysis?
what are the statistical approaches for qtls analysis?
what is bioinformatics
What is apoptosis?
GENERAL FOR STUDY
How do I determine which gene in my QTL is causal for the trait?
Why do males have two Y chromosomes and females only one?
what type of dataset is useful for qtl mapping analysis in genenetwork2?
What are the ethical considerations surrounding prenatal genetic testing and the selective termination of pregnancies based on genetic factors?
What are the potential benefits and risks associated with gene editing technologies like CRISPR-Cas9?
What about recombination in human centromeres?
What about recombination in the human genome?
How can I add a new species to the GeneNetwork database?
Describe the role of mitochondrial DNA in heredity and how it differs from nuclear DNA.
what is ensembl?
MyQ -- Create a how to guide for genetic sequencing
MyQ -- What is the significance of the length of telomeres?
MyQ -- Once a sperm combines with an egg, what determines how traits are passed onto the resulting lifeform?
MyQ -- Why is genetic tracing matrilineal rather than patrilineal?
MyQ -- How does one tell the difference between X and Y DNA, with respect to DNA tracing and determining QTLs?
MyQ -- Describe the genotypes related to Alzheimers and dementia which have commonalities with those for aging.
MyQ -- List as many studies as you can that include rapamycin.
MyQ -- What are the genetic bases for the varying efficacy of diabetes treatments among individuals?
AGING
Which mouse genes have been associated with longevity?
Is lifespan determined by genetics?
Is there a direct association between aging and susceptibility to having diabetes?
Which genes are associated with aging in human
What genetic factors influence aging in humans?
Why is it so diffuclut to map gene loci that control aging in humans?
what causes the aging process
what genes are associated with aging?
what genetic factor are associated with aging
which genes are involved in the aging process
DIABETES
what genes are associated with diabetes?
nutrition is a factor for diabetes. construct an abstract about how can genomics be use to better understand nutritional factors of diabets
nutrition is a factor for diabetes. how can genomics be use to better understand nutritional factors of diabets
Is any of the genes SH2B3, IFIH1 or ERBB3  related to diabetes?
How does genetics influence the emergency of diabetes?
How is gene expression in the liver affected by diabetes?
How many types of diabetes exist?